
This plugin listens to packets with type "kdeconnect.notification" that will
contain all the information of the other device notifications.

The other device will report us every notification that is created or dismissed,
so we can keep in sync a local list of notifications.

At the beginning we can request the already existing notifications by sending a
packet with the boolean "request" set to true.

The received packets will contain the following fields:
    "id" (string): A unique notification id.
    "appName" (string): The app that generated the notification
    "ticker" (string): The title or headline of the notification, for compatibility with older Android versions.
    "isClearable" (boolean): True if we can request to dismiss the notification.
    "isCancel" (boolean): True if the notification was dismissed in the peer device.
    "title" (string): The title of the notification.
    "text" (string): The text/content of the notification.
    "requestReplyId" (string): Used to reply to messages.
    "silent" (bool): Don't show a notification popup for this notification.

Additionally the packet can contain a payload with the icon of the notification
in PNG format. If there another field will be present:
    "payloadHash" (string): MD5 hash of the payload. Used as a filename to store the payload.

Also if the notification is a conversation (e.g. Whatsapp message) additional fields will be present:
    "conversation" (JSONArray): All messages in that notification.
    "groupName" (string): The group name if that message is from a group.

The content of these fields is used to display the notifications to the user.
Note that if we receive a second notification with the same "id", the existing notification is updated.

If the user dismisses a notification from this device, we have to request the
other device to remove it. This is done by sending a package with the fields
"id" set to the id of the notification we want to dismiss and a boolean "cancel"
set to true. The other device will answer with a notification package with
"isCancel" set to true when it is dismissed.

